(static buzzing)
(upbeat pop music)
Yes
Stunned at the sight of ya
Can I confide in ya
I'm tempted to fall in love
C'mon, baby, light it up
I can provide for ya
Push the rest to the side for ya
Switch up my life for ya
C'mon, baby, sign me up
We don't have to complicate the night or hesitate
Can't fight what's right in front of us, yeah
Let's sink in, I know what you've been thinking
This is more than a feeling
I see that look in your eyes, eyes
Drifting, you got what I've been missing
20/21 vision, I see myself in your eyes, eyes
Let's make waves
Whoa, oh, wanna
Whoa, oh, you wanna
Whoa, oh, we're gonna
Whoa, oh, whoa
It's about time, can you feel the vibrations
We can talk it out on vacation
Cut the distractions, words into actions
You're my new passion, yeah
We don't have to complicate the night or hesitate
Can't fight what's right in front of us, yeah
Let's sink in, I know what you've been thinking
This is more than a feeling
I see that look in your eyes, eyes
Drifting, you got what I've been missing, baby
20/21 vision, I see myself in your eyes, eyes
Let's make
All about, all about, all about us
Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that rush
Never e-, never e-, never enough
Never enough
All about, all about, all about us
Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that rush
Never e-, never e-, never enough
Never enough
All about, all about, all about us
Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that rush
Never e-, never e-, never enough
Right in front of us, yeah
All about, all about, all about us
Say what you wanna say
Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that rush
Never e-, never e-, never enough
Right in front of us, yeah
Whoa, oh
Let's sink in, I know what you've been thinking, baby
This is more than a feeling
I see that look in your eyes, eyes, yeah
Drifting, You got what I've been missing, baby
20/21 vision, I see myself in your eyes, eyes
Let's make waves
Whoa, oh, wanna
Say what you wanna say
Whoa, oh, you wanna
Whoa, oh, we're gonna
Whoa, oh, whoa
Let's make waves